clarify interpretation of less and greater as before/after (#461)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/en/docs/functions.md

If the `find` attribute is shadowed by a same-named user column, you may use `_find` instead.

> :warning: In the following methods, "less" is best understood as "before"
> and "greater" is best understood as "after".
> For example, if you use a negative `order_by` on a simple integer column,
> then the meaning of less than and greater than will be flipped.

The methods available are:

- __`lt`__: (less than) find nearest (last) record with sort values < (before) the given values

> - __`le`__: (less than or equal to) find nearest record with sort values <= (last before or first equal) the given values

Reviewer: I think it should actually be "last that's before or equal" -- if you have multiple equal values to the one you are looking up, it should return the last of these.

Author: Feel free to edit this PR to so the phrasing is more accurate. I was just pointing out that it wasn't clear to without these details. If it feels cleaner to you, maybe you could these alternative explanations somewhere else and link to that.

- __`gt`__: (greater than) find nearest (first) record with sort values > (after) the given values

> - __`ge`__: (greater than or equal to) find nearest (first) record with sort values >= (equal or after) the given values

Reviewer: this one should be "first equal or after", though I think this is clear as is. Maybe `le` can be phrased the same way.

If the `find` attribute is shadowed by a same-named user column, you may use `_find` instead.

In the following methods, "less" is best understood as "before"
and "greater" is best understood as "after".
For example, if you use a negative `order_by` on a simple integer column,
then the meaning of "less than" and "greater than" will be flipped.

The methods available are:

> - __`lt`__: ("less than") find nearest (last) record with sort values before the given values
> - __`le`__: ("less than or equal to") find last record with sort values equal to or before
>   the given values
> - __`gt`__: ("greater than") find nearest (first) record with sort values after the given values
> - __`ge`__: ("greater than or equal to") find first record with sort values equal to or after
>   the given values
> - __`eq`__: ("equal to") find the first record with sort values equal to the given values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- __`lt`__: ("less than") Finds the nearest (last) record where the sort values are **before** the given values.
- __`le`__: ("less than or equal to") Finds the last record where the sort values are **equal to or before**
  the given values.
- __`gt`__: ("greater than") Finds the nearest (first) record where the sort values are **after** the given values.
- __`ge`__: ("greater than or equal to") Finds the first record where the sort values are **equal to or after**
  the given values.
- __`eq`__: ("equal to") Finds the first record where the sort values are **equal to** the given values.
```

Reviewer: Done, thank you!
